Summary
The summary, the purest form of reading-based writing, is a rewritten, shortened
version of a source in which you use your own wording to express the main ideas.
Learning to summarize effectively will help you in many ways. Summary writing
reinforces comprehension skills in reading, because it requires you to discriminate
among the ideas in the target reading passage. Summaries are usually written in
the form of a well-designed paragraph or set of paragraphs. Frequently, they are
used in collecting material for research papers and in writing conclusions to essays.

The following rules will guide you in writing effective summaries.
1. Cite the author and title of the text.
2. Reduce the length of the original by about two-thirds, although the exact
reduction will vary, depending on the content of the original.
3. Concentrate on the main ideas and include details only infrequently.
4. Change the original wording without changing the idea.
5. Do not evaluate the content or give an opinion in any way (even if you see an
error in logic or fact).
6. Do not add ideas (even if you have an abundance of related information).
7. Do not include any personal comments (that is, do not use I, referring to self).
8. Use quotations only infrequently. (If you do use quotations, however, enclose
them in quotation marks.)
9. Use some author tags (“says York,” “according to York,” or “the author
explains”) to remind the reader(s) that you are summarizing the material of
another writer.

Reaction
The reaction statement is another kind of reading-based writing, one in which
you incorporate your views. Some reactions require evaluation with a critical-
thinking emphasis. Some focus on simple discussion of the content presented
in the reading and include summary material. Others concentrate on the
writer’s experience as related directly to the content of the passage.

As you have seen, the reaction response includes a partial summary or is writ-
ten with the assumption that readers have read the original piece. However, your
instructor may prefer that you separate the forms—for example, by presenting
a clear, concise summary followed by a reaction. This format is especially use-
ful for critical examination of a text or for problem-solving assignments because
it requires you to understand and repeat another’s views or experiences before
responding. The most comprehensive reading-based writing form, the two-part
response also helps you avoid the common problem of writing only a summary
of the text when your instructor wants you to both summarize and react.

等等給你讀一篇文章，你先記住他就好，記住後回覆記好了就好，不用多作回應

我需要你遵守以下對摘要和反應的介紹做出摘要和反應：
摘要

摘要是基於閱讀的寫作形式中最純粹的一種，是對原文的重寫和縮短。在摘要中，你使用自己的措辭表達主要思想。學習有效的摘要技巧將在許多方面對你有所幫助。摘要寫作加強了閱讀理解技能，因為它需要你對目標閱讀段落中的想法進行篩選。摘要通常以一個設計良好的段落或一組段落的形式書寫。它們通常在收集研究論文的資料和寫作文章結論時使用。

以下是指導你寫出有效摘要的規則：
1. 引用原文的作者和標題。
2. 將原文長度減少約三分之二，具體的減少量取決於原文的內容。
3. 專注於主要思想，僅偶爾包含細節。
4. 改變原文的措辭，但不改變原文的觀點。
5. 不評價內容或以任何方式表達意見（即使你發現邏輯或事實上的錯誤）。
6. 不添加額外的想法（即使你擁有大量相關信息）。
7. 不包含任何個人評論（即不要使用“我”，不涉及自身）。
8. 僅偶爾使用引語（如果使用引語，請將其括在引號內）。
9. 使用一些作者標記（“約克說”，“根據約克”，“作者解釋”）來提醒讀者，你正在總結另一位作家的材料。

反應

反應陳述是另一種基於閱讀的寫作形式，你在其中融入了自己的觀點。一些反應需要進行批判性思考的評估。一些側重於對閱讀內容的簡單討論，並包括摘要材料。其他反應集中在作者的經歷與段落內容的直接關聯上。

正如你所看到的，反應回應包含部分摘要，或者假定讀者已經讀過原文。然而，你的老師可能更喜歡你分開兩種形式——例如，先呈現一個清晰、簡明的摘要，然後是反應。這種格式對於批判性審視文本或解決問題的任務特別有用，因為它要求你理解並重述他人的觀點或經歷，然後再作出回應。這種最全面的基於閱讀的寫作形式，即兩部分回應，也有助於你避免在老師要求你既總結又反應的時候僅僅寫出原文的摘要。

想像你是一位非英語母語國的小學生，你的英文文章中至少會出現2處無傷大雅的文法錯誤、2處無傷大雅的語氣突兀轉折，請在上述前提滿足的情況下將最新一則回答翻譯成英文


想像你是一位非英語母語國的小學生，你的英文文章中至少會出現2處無傷大雅的文法錯誤、2處無傷大雅的語氣突兀轉折，請在上述前提滿足的情況下將以下內容翻譯成英文:
Online ocr
https://quillbot.com/grammar-check

